# packages in environment at /home/sc2962/.conda/envs/go:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_sysroot_linux-64_curr_repodata_hack 3                   h69a702a_13    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.9.1           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attmap                    0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    4.1.2           py310hcb5633a_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.83            py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
blast                     2.15.0          pl5321h6f7f691_1    bioconda
boto3                     1.34.29            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.34.29            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bowtie2                   2.4.5           py310he297e0b_3    bioconda
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hc6cd4ac_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.26.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.11.17           hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.11.17         pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py310h2fee648_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cbc               2.10.10              h9002f0b_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cgl               0.60.7               h516709c_0    conda-forge
coin-or-clp               1.17.8               h1ee7a9c_0    conda-forge
coin-or-osi               0.108.8              ha2443b9_0    conda-forge
coin-or-utils             2.11.9               hee58242_0    conda-forge
coincbc                   2.10.10           0_metapackage    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              41.0.7          py310hb8475ec_1    conda-forge
curl                      8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2           py310h2372a71_7    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.20.1          py310hff52083_3    conda-forge
dpath                     2.1.6              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   11.36.2            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
eido                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.4.1           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
getorganelle              1.7.7.0            pyh7cba7a3_0    bioconda
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.41             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.2           py310h3ec546c_1    conda-forge
google-api-core           2.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-python-client  2.115.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               2.27.0             pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-httplib2      0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      2.14.0             pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.1.2           py310hc5c09a0_5    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    2.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.62.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.46.3          py310hba10ccf_0    conda-forge
httplib2                  0.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
humanfriendly             10.0               pyhd8ed1ab_6    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iqtree                    2.2.6                h21ec9f0_0    bioconda
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.1           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   3.10.0              h4a8ded7_13    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20230802.1      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_4    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_4    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_4    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_4    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.25          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.1               hf27288f_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.44.2               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_4    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h22db469_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               8.0.1                hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.6              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.4           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                hfe3b2da_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h9458935_0    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.4           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.9.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncbi-vdb                  3.0.10               hdbdd923_0    bioconda
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.3          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
oauth2client              4.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
openmp                    8.0.1                         0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
ossuuid                   1.6.2             hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.0           py310hcc13569_0    conda-forge
paramiko                  3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
peppy                     0.40.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-alien-build          2.48            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-alien-libxml2        0.17            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-capture-tiny         0.48            pl5321ha770c72_1    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-ffi-checklib         0.28            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-chdir           0.1011          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-which           1.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-importer             0.026           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h4ac6f70_6    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-parent               0.241           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-path-tiny            0.124           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scope-guard          0.21            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-sub-info             0.002           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-term-table           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-test-warnings        0.031           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-test2-suite          0.000145        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.17            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-libxml           2.0207          pl5321h661654b_0    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax              1.02            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pigz                      2.8                  h2797004_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.3.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
plac                      1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
prettytable               3.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.25.1          py310h620c231_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
pulp                      2.7.0           py310hff52083_1    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.5.0           py310h2372a71_3    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytest                    8.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.10.13         hd12c33a_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        1.1.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3.post1       pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.32.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
reretry                   0.11.8             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.17.1          py310hcb5633a_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.11.4          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
setuptools                69.0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools-scm            8.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slacker                   0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
smart_open                6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 7.32.4               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         7.32.4             pyhdfd78af_1    bioconda
spades                    3.15.5               h95f258a_1    bioconda
stone                     3.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stopit                    1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.12            pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.17                h4a8ded7_13    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2020.2               h4bd325d_4    conda-forge
throttler                 1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toposort                  1.10               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.9.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.9.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023d                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
uritemplate               4.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.18            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha35d2d1_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.16.0          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
yte                       1.5.4              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                hfc55251_0    conda-forge
