# packages in environment at /home/sc2962/.conda/envs/plink2:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
argparse-dataclass        2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attmap                    0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312h30efb56_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cbc               2.10.10              h9002f0b_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cgl               0.60.7               h516709c_0    conda-forge
coin-or-clp               1.17.8               h1ee7a9c_0    conda-forge
coin-or-osi               0.108.8              ha2443b9_0    conda-forge
coin-or-utils             2.11.9               hee58242_0    conda-forge
coincbc                   2.10.10           0_metapackage    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
conda-inject              1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2           py312h98912ed_7    conda-forge
docutils                  0.20.1          py312h7900ff3_3    conda-forge
dpath                     2.1.6              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
eido                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.41             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
humanfriendly             10.0               pyhd8ed1ab_6    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
immutables                0.20            py312h98912ed_1    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.1           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_5    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.26          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.44.2               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_5    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.6              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.9.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py312heda63a1_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.0           py312hfb8ada1_0    conda-forge
peppy                     0.40.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
plac                      1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plink2                    2.00a5               h4ac6f70_0    bioconda
pluggy                    1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
pulp                      2.8.0           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytest                    8.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.1          hab00c5b_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    4_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py312h98912ed_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.33.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
reretry                   0.11.8             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.17.1          py312h4b3b743_0    conda-forge
setuptools                69.0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slack-sdk                 3.26.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
slack_sdk                 3.26.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smart_open                6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 8.4.7                hdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-common 1.15.3             pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-executor-plugins 8.2.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-storage-plugins 3.0.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         8.4.7              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
stopit                    1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
throttler                 1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toposort                  1.10               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.9.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.16.0          py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yte                       1.5.4              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
