# packages in environment at /gpfs/gibbs/project/dunn/sc2962/conda_envs/purge_dups:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
augustus                  3.5.0           pl5321h700735d_3    bioconda
bamtools                  2.5.1               hd03093a_10    bioconda
bbmap                     39.01                h92535d8_1    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.81             py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
blast                     2.14.0          pl5321h6f7f691_2    bioconda
boost-cpp                 1.78.0               h5adbc97_2    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
busco                     5.5.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.19.1               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.7.22            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0               hb05425b_5  
cdbtools                  0.99                 hdcf5f25_9    bioconda
certifi                   2023.7.22          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.1.0            py39h7633fee_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.88.1               h5eee18b_0  
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dendropy                  4.5.2              pyh3252c3a_0    bioconda
diamond                   2.1.8                h43eeafb_0    bioconda
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.42.0           py39hd1e30aa_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gawk                      5.1.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         13.1.0               hc4be1a9_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    13.1.0               hd511a9b_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
glib                      2.74.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.74.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         13.1.0               hc4be1a9_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.1b2                         3    bioconda
htslib                    1.17                 h6bc39ce_1    bioconda
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
importlib-resources       6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
k8                        0.2.5                hdcf5f25_4    bioconda
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_16    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py39hf939315_1    conda-forge
kmc                       3.2.1                hf1761c0_2    bioconda
krb5                      1.19.4               h568e23c_0  
lcms2                     2.14                 h6ed2654_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h3e49a29_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.88.1               h91b91d3_0  
libdeflate                1.14                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20221030         h5eee18b_0  
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     13.1.0               he3cc6c4_0    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.1.0               h69a702a_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.1.0               h15d22d2_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.74.1               h7a41b64_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.8.0                h32351e8_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.51.0               hdcd2b5c_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          pthreads_h80387f5_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  13.1.0               he3cc6c4_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h82bc61c_5    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.4                h522a892_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h22db469_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
lp_solve                  5.5.2.5           h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.2            py39h0126182_0    conda-forge
metaeuk                   6.a5d39d9       pl5321h6a68c12_3    bioconda
metis                     5.1.1                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
minimap2                  2.26                 he4a0461_1    bioconda
miniprot                  0.12                 he4a0461_0    bioconda
mpfr                      4.2.0                hb012696_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.0.7                      py_1    bioconda
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h6eb9d5d_1007    conda-forge
ncbi-vdb                  3.0.6                hdbdd923_0    bioconda
ncurses                   6.4                  hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.25.2           py39h6183b62_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   17.0.3               h58dac75_5    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1v               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ossuuid                   1.6.2             hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.0.3            py39h40cae4c_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.14              hd33c08f_0    conda-forge
pbzip2                    1.1.13                        0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                hc3806b6_1    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          4_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-alien-build          2.48            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-alien-libxml2        0.17            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-apache-test          1.43            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7047          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-capture-tiny         0.48            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-class-load           0.25            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-class-load-xs        0.10            pl5321h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
perl-class-method-modifiers 2.13            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.105           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-check      0.014           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-requirements 2.143           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-data-optlist         0.113           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-dbi                  1.643           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-devel-globaldestruction 0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-devel-overloadinfo   0.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-dist-checkconflicts  0.11            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-eval-closure         0.14            pl5321h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-ffi-checklib         0.28            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-chdir           0.1010          pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-which           1.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-getopt-long          2.54            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-importer             0.026           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-inc-latest           0.500           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h4ac6f70_6    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-module-build         0.4234          pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-module-implementation 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-module-metadata      1.000038        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-module-runtime-conflicts 0.003           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-moo                  2.005004        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-moose                2.2202          pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-mro-compat           0.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-package-deprecationmanager 0.17            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash        0.40            pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash-xs     0.30            pl5321h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
perl-parallel-forkmanager 2.02            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-params-util          1.102           pl5321h9f5acd7_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-path-tiny            0.122           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-role-tiny            2.002004        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.62            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-scope-guard          0.21            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter         0.988           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter-progressive 0.001013        pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-sub-identify         0.14            pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-sub-info             0.002           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-sub-install          0.928           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-sub-name             0.21            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-sub-quote            2.006006        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-term-table           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test2-suite          0.000145        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-version              0.9924          pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-xml-libxml           2.0207          pl5321h661654b_0    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-sax              1.02            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-yaml                 1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pillow                    9.4.0            py39h6a678d5_0  
pip                       23.2.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
prodigal                  2.6.3                h031d066_6    bioconda
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
purge-dups-runner         2019.12.20         pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
purge_dups                1.2.6            py39h7132678_1    bioconda
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.9.15          h47a2c10_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      3_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.2.1                h7880091_2    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.1             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.4             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.1             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.4.3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.6.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.21_8            r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_60            r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.6_1             r42h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.9_0             r42h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r42hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_163           r42h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.9.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r42h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.1             r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.2.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.3             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.3             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.5.0             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
samtools                  1.17                 hd87286a_1    bioconda
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
sepp                      4.4.0                    py39_0    bioconda
setuptools                68.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.42.0               h2c6b66d_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h9e50725_1    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_16    conda-forge
tar                       1.34                 hb2e2bae_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.7.0             h924138e_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
ucsc-fatotwobit           447                  h954228d_0    bioconda
ucsc-twobitinfo           447                  h954228d_0    bioconda
unicodedata2              15.0.0           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.41.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.6                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                hfc55251_7    conda-forge
